R docs 1605 and 1653 search (#1093)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/querying/how-to-use-search.dotnet.markdown

# Session: Querying: How to Use Search

Use the `Search()` extension method to perform a full-text search on a particular field. `Search()` accepts a string containing the 
desired search terms separated by spaces. These search terms are matched with the terms in the index being queried.  

> An index's terms are derived from the values of the documents' textual fields. These values were converted into one or more terms 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An index's terms are usually derived from the values of the documents' fields. In case of textual fields, these values are converted into one or more terms 
```

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer: Can you please improve the clarity of this page by adding an early definition of a term in this article, which also states that they are separated by a white space

Author: Done
